[3.x] Add 3.9.0 release post (#8323)
jekyll/jekyll: docs/_posts/2020-08-06-jekyll-3-9-0-released.markdown

---
title: 'Jekyll 3.9.0 Released'
author: parkr
version: 3.9.0
categories: [release]
---

> Jekyll 3.9.0 allows use of kramdown v2, the latest series of kramdown. If you choose to upgrade, please note that the GitHub-Flavored Markdown parser and other extensions have been moved to separate gems, so they will need to be added to your `Gemfile` separately:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jekyll 3.9.0 allows use of kramdown v2, the latest series of kramdown. If you choose to upgrade, please note that the GitHub-Flavored Markdown parser and
the following features from kramdown v1 are now distributed via separate gems. So they will need to be added to your `Gemfile` separately to use the feature:
```
